hi friends this is sir mysterious
it's as you may have noticed
I have increased the quality of my
hit videos
so I narrowed the window and picture
should normally be better
I hope for you so today we
finds himself for the special village
back home so it's back to school yes and yes
unfortunately it's back to school so I
wanted to offer you a village of one
person called rude slamming
that 150 euros in the game I laugh
it's his problem good brief he made a
village stars that I really found
very aesthetic
so I'm not level 10 hdv I
will not be able to do this
village so that's why I'm going
try to show you all the
parts from the top so that you
can do it yourself
so it was a little hot for you
but sorry I have that I can not you
present at no hdd level 10 so
here I am really going to do everything
gently step by step
So here is also the defense mine
so I'll see I show you a little
the defense so after the bottom of the village
Well, I'm the star village
I did well that presented him so rough
joined not long ago our clan
so stopped anyway it's not often
that a buyer joins a clan especially
that we are mostly money so
it's nice of him
I enjoyed so I mii chef
good assistant some members are not
okay unfortunately but I can not
not to please everybody
as does not kill him saying do not do
pleasure
finally everyone here is this one
so I'm going to ask him
we're going to ask him hold his village and
to describe how her girlfriend is rough
your defensive farm village or hybrids
because I can not do
question marks on the pc when
I'm talking about subscribers but also the
person who looks subscribers
that's still 150 euros and that's what
who wants to finish
well I'll wait good if the apa he is
for me it's a village of type between
the defensive and the hybrid
because good defensive I think more than
this is a hybrid
surely because the defenses are
spaced and defended by arcs x so
for me it's a hybrid so I
will do on the side excuse me I have
not yet done the side so are living
here you have trouble doing it at
to persevere laughs I can not it's true
if he fails he fails to do
he raymond very very hot if you there
arrive frankly made here
passion
here after you can put in x 0.5
for that and me empty so here is a
little vj so see what he has answered
ok so I want to show you his defense
so his thinking long technical fire
barbarian archer he can not and that's
impossible
So here is football and it was read
enter classes so if you liked
as usual commented but from the
green thumb do not hesitate to follow us
rather to follow me because right now
there are not many videos
because he does not have the time here so
on this I will leave you and I will
wish a pleasant return from elsewhere
he will give up the teachers falling into a
good class that's good luck and has
more
Yes